docs(cli): document --quiet/--silent as global options that precede the subcommand (#285)
microsoft/conductor: CHANGELOG.md

  stays clickable for running items too.
  ([#273](https://github.com/microsoft/conductor/pull/273))

### Documentation

- **`--quiet` / `--silent` documented as `run` options** — both flags are
  global options defined on the app callback, so they must appear *before* the
  subcommand (`conductor --quiet run workflow.yaml`); placing them after it is
  rejected with "No such option". `docs/cli-reference.md` and the README listed
  them in the `conductor run` options table and showed post-subcommand examples

>   (`conductor run workflow.yaml --quiet`) that fail as written. Moved the flags

Reviewer: This reads as though both documents contained broken examples. The README only listed the flags in the `run` options table; the failing examples were in the CLI reference. Could we separate those two claims?

```suggestion
  rejected with "No such option". `docs/cli-reference.md` and the README listed
  them in the `conductor run` options table, while `docs/cli-reference.md` also
  showed a post-subcommand example (`conductor run workflow.yaml --quiet`) that
  fails as written. Moved the flags
```
